com/example/calendar/presenter/ui/viewmodel/EventViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.viewmodel.EventViewModel_Factory
com/example/calendar/data/repo/EventRepo_Factory.java
 com.example.calendar.data.repo.EventRepo_Factory
com/example/calendar/databinding/ListItemMonthEventLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.example.calendar.databinding.ListItemMonthEventLayoutBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_viewmodel_EventViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_viewmodel_EventViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/calendar/di/AppModule_ProvidesExternalScopeFactory.java
 com.example.calendar.di.AppModule_ProvidesExternalScopeFactory
 com.example.calendar.di.AppModule_ProvidesExternalScopeFactory$InstanceHolder
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_calendar_di_DatabaseModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_calendar_di_DatabaseModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_viewmodel_EventViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_viewmodel_EventViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/calendar/presenter/ui/activity/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.activity.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.activity.Hilt_MainActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_fragment_AddEventFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_fragment_AddEventFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/calendar/presenter/ui/viewmodel/EventViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.viewmodel.EventViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.viewmodel.EventViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_calendar_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_calendar_di_AppModule
com/example/calendar/presenter/ui/viewmodel/EventViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.viewmodel.EventViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.viewmodel.EventViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.viewmodel.EventViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/calendar/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.calendar.BuildConfig
com/example/calendar/BR.java
 com.example.calendar.BR
com/example/calendar/databinding/FragmentAddEventBinding.java
 com.example.calendar.databinding.FragmentAddEventBinding
com/example/calendar/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.calendar.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_calendar_ApplicationClass.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_calendar_ApplicationClass
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/calendar/databinding/ListItemMonthEventLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.calendar.databinding.ListItemMonthEventLayoutBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_fragment_EventFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_fragment_EventFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/calendar/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.calendar.DataBindingTriggerClass
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_activity_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_calendar_presenter_ui_activity_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/calendar/presenter/ui/activity/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.activity.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/calendar/databinding/FragmentEventFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.calendar.databinding.FragmentEventFragmentBinding
com/example/calendar/data/local/db/dao/EventDao_Impl.java
 com.example.calendar.data.local.db.dao.EventDao_Impl
 com.example.calendar.data.local.db.dao.EventDao_Impl$1
 com.example.calendar.data.local.db.dao.EventDao_Impl$2
 com.example.calendar.data.local.db.dao.EventDao_Impl$3
 com.example.calendar.data.local.db.dao.EventDao_Impl$4
 com.example.calendar.data.local.db.dao.EventDao_Impl$5
 com.example.calendar.data.local.db.dao.EventDao_Impl$6
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_calendar_ApplicationClass_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_calendar_ApplicationClass_GeneratedInjector
com/example/calendar/ApplicationClass_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.calendar.ApplicationClass_GeneratedInjector
com/example/calendar/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideCalendarDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.calendar.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideCalendarDatabaseFactory
com/example/calendar/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideEventDaoFactory.java
 com.example.calendar.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideEventDaoFactory
com/example/calendar/data/local/db/EventDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.calendar.data.local.db.EventDatabase_Impl
 com.example.calendar.data.local.db.EventDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/calendar/adapter/EventsByMonthAdapter_Factory.java
 com.example.calendar.adapter.EventsByMonthAdapter_Factory
 com.example.calendar.adapter.EventsByMonthAdapter_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/example/calendar/presenter/ui/fragment/AddEventFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.fragment.AddEventFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/calendar/presenter/ui/fragment/Hilt_AddEventFragment.java
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.fragment.Hilt_AddEventFragment
com/example/calendar/presenter/ui/fragment/EventFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.fragment.EventFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/calendar/presenter/ui/fragment/Hilt_EventFragment.java
 com.example.calendar.presenter.ui.fragment.Hilt_EventFragment
com/example/calendar/adapter/EventMonthAdapter_Factory.java
 com.example.calendar.adapter.EventMonthAdapter_Factory
 com.example.calendar.adapter.EventMonthAdapter_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/example/calendar/databinding/ListItemEventLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.calendar.databinding.ListItemEventLayoutBinding
com/example/calendar/databinding/ListItemEventLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.example.calendar.databinding.ListItemEventLayoutBindingImpl
com/example/calendar/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.calendar.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.calendar.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.calendar.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
